hello this is going to be a an example
solve for the room method of solving the
rubik's cube so it's kinda I'm just
going to give a general review and show
you what i would do in the cases that
come up here so the first thing i want
to do is find a make a block on the left
side which is going to be my orange
since I see some stuff that's already
lined up for it I you want to start this
most of time unless you can just see it
by making a two by two by one and then
extending the block so i put the edge in
there because i see this pair right here
that's my two by two by one and now i'm
looking for the rest of that block which
is right here and right here so what I
want to do is make it so that I can
match those up like that and then oops
insert that to finish off my block right
there so that's on the left side so now
you want to move on to the right block
which is a red in this case so go ahead
and move my edge over there because
we're going to be rotating this to make
that block anyway so now I've got that
edge in place which isn't a prerequisite
it just happened to fit in and this salt
and then finish off that two by two by
one block and now I see the corner I
need is right here and then the edge I
need is right here and since this is a
white corner I want to move it out of
the way so I can do an m2 to bring the
block colour on to the side so that I
can mash this up like a f2l pair and
just insert it like that all right so
now this is a
my first two blocks are done so now I
have to move on to see ml 0 which is
orienting and permuting the last layer
so it was not the last layer the last
corners so this is a case where you
recognize it by the diagonal hairs and
it's a you orientation there's a
matching diagonal pairs so you want to
do are to be to our YouTube l prime d2l
you two are and now you can see that
with respect to each other the corners
are all in the right position so now the
next step here is orienting the last six
edges and these are it's just a cyclical
kind of pattern you have to follow not
really proud of their cases that come up
and you do an algorithm which is usually
just like M Prime um Prime and you get
another case you just do that until
they're all your top and bottom color so
my top bottom bar yellow and white so
these are yellow or white and these are
all yellow or white so it's how you know
it's done so now you want to solve your
side edges along with their corners so
you kind of make the two sides so if
you're looking at the display you
actually solving the bottom and the top
layer but it's just going to be the
right and left side for us so bring that
down you put them diagonal to each other
so that when you do this they're both on
the bottom where it's free to manipulate
them to match them up like this and that
was done by putting the opposite corners
where the opposite corners of the bottom
edge right here so that when you do an
m2 they match up all right so I knew
that now you want to permute the last
four edges I believe it'll be so
this is just a case where you do that
and so that's a quick example of how at
least I solve with the room method I'm
sure that there's a lot more efficient
ways of doing it as seen by the fact
that I don't average sub-10 like people
like big green or close to sub 10 like
Tom Barlow and such but I hopefully that
helped to explain the general idea of
rude to you and thanks for watching